>> Woodruff: THE DIPLOMATIC PUSH
TO FIND A SOLUTION TO SYRIA'S
CHEMICAL WEAPONS COULD EXPAND TO
A RESOLUTION TO THAT COUNTRY'S
BLOODY CIVIL WAR.
THEN, MARGARET WARNER REPORTS
FROM EGYPT ON THE UNCERTAIN
FUTURE OF THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD
AFTER THE GOVERNMENT'S
CRACKDOWN.
THOUSANDS OF ARTISTS SPEND
MONTHS CREATING INTRICATE
SCULPTURES ON A MASSIVE SCALE
AND NONE OF THEM IS FOR SALE AT
THE NEVADA GATHERING CALLED
"BURNING MAN."
>> IT IS LIKE THE GREATEST
MUSEUM EVER.
YOU HAVE YOUR PIECE THERE, YOU
DON'T SEE ANY OTHER PIECES
AROUND IT AND YOU SEE THIS
VASTNESS OF THE DESERT.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY.
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."